Okay so basically if you go to your reddit saved posts you'll notice that every now and then while your scrolling the page loads and then shows you more stuff. This is called an infinite scroll, but it is not 'infinite.' Each time you do this you are loading a new page, and functionally it is a page. Originally my downloader could not get past a single page which was bad. Currently my program bruteforces pages, by repeating the program over and over until it encounters no more posts. This presents two issues. The first issue is that it is slow to finish. I dont know whats going on under the hood, because I didnt write the reddit api, oh and god its horrible, but its just slow to finish. The second issue is that the program sometimes doesnt 'finish.' It will unsave all your posts no problem, but it might not complete the program, meaning if you are using a batch file that has && exit, it will not exit the program. It may be that this second issue doesnt exist, and that its just a cause of the first issue, mixed with me being impatient and manually closing the command window. Either way it will unsave everything. I have not had a single time where the current program (7/10/24 is the day im writing this) hasnt worked. Currently I do not know how to fix this issue because I do not want to read BDFR's source code. I have also asked a question in the BDFR repo about this issue, and I had no help. No shade to the BDFR devs, they have given us a great tool for free, and I dont expect them to help me troubleshoot *my* code for free as well. So hopefully you understand why I said I need to fix this issue in my code. Again its usable, but veryifying that all my posts unsaved when the program seems to freeze is just annoying and I wish I could easily fix this issue. Reddit API documentation is atrocious and doesnt even mention this at all. Maybe they updated it, i might check again. Also if you have a fix for this issue please send it to me, or make a commit so i can merge it! That would be fun.